all right here's a little guide on
picking out a Hoosier cabinet things to
look for
I think this one because it has a lot of
extras this one is all oak underneath
one quart of white paint this one has
the horizontal roll
here's your flower bend and this is for
your spice jars and the sugar Bend this
should should pull out I haven't even
pulled it out yet I even have the old
sugar and even the scoop and you know
that was in there little little extra
thing there
as the original laches as you can see
the top and the bottom will line up they
do match this isn't a marriage although
you do find them out there so look for
that make sure your hardware matches
important make sure you have your
brackets I do have the bracket so I have
those in the garage I'll leave you for a
second
if you have the brackets don't have them
mounted but when you do mount these
properly there's one on each side you do
mount them this whole porcelain top will
pull out probably an extra foot or so
they use these for baking back in the
early 1900s here's your storage area up
here this is for your flower I mean kind
of storage area a little bit of flower
still here you have your Clips and a
little storage area here original hooks
are still here this is nice this little
menu with came right from the factory
it's really nice because it tells you
the hue the hoop the Hoosier
manufacturing company New Castle Indiana
that was the first Hoosier factory so
this is a kind of a nice thing to have
inside here the same the bracket was
a lot of times the back will have to be
replaced on the top this one looks
pretty good and really doesn't need it
bottom back looks good they look good
this is stripped down it'll really look
nice with the original has the original
blue stenciling I believe or may have
been would put on later but I think that
could be original it looks nice and old
this is something you never see it's a
bracket for your grinder I've only seen
probably two or three and I remember one
time I had one with the grinder and I
put it on eBay just for the heck of it
and it brought a hundred and fifteen
dollars that's the truth that will go
down below twenty storage here
and more storage here that will pull out
more storage here
silverware this is really nice I looked
at this earlier usually you just get the
one drawer with the original tin this is
the second drawer
that's original Chen a little sticky and
this is the bread drawer with the
original 10 on it too I think this is
the only cabin I've I've ever seen with
the original two drawers each drawer
having the 10
everything looks original here
so then it's just a matter of stripping
it down
this would be a real beauty when it's
done one of the nicest I've had right
out of a house
and of course your your role the other
one will pull right out too if you
restore this sometimes sometimes they're
tricky though in and out but with a
little bit detective work you'll he'll
get it in and out and that's about it
for today I'm in Schenectady New York
and thanks for looking